Read generic network signal data hmi guidelines (#168)
smartdevicelink/sdl_hmi_integration_guidelines: docs/SDL/GetPolicyConfigurationData/index.md

## GetPolicyConfigurationData

Type
: Function

Sender
: HMI

Purpose
: To get policy type and property

### Request

!!! MUST
 
1. Send GetPolicyConfigurationData request to SDL with: 
* `policyType` : Policy Struct for which property needs to be read. Must be a [valid policyType struct](https://github.com/smartdevicelink/sdl_core/blob/master/src/components/policy/policy_regular/include/policy/policy_table/types.h#L288)

> * `property`: used to pin point exact property of policyType, if omitted, entire policyType json is returned

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `property`: Used to request a specific property of `policyType`. If omitted, the entire `policyType` json value is returned
```

!!!

#### Parameters

|Name|Type|Mandatory|Additional|
|:---|:---|:--------|:---------|
|policyType|String|true|minlength: 1 maxlength: 1000|
|property|String|true|minlength: 1 maxlength: 1000|

### Response

#### Parameters

|Name|Type|Mandatory|Additional|
|:---|:---|:--------|:---------|
|value|String|true|array: true <br> maxlength: 1000 minsize: 1 maxsize: 100|
 

### Sequence Diagrams

|||
GetPolicyConfigurationData 
Below is the example usage for GetPolicyConfigurationData request to read `version` and endpoint `url` for `custom_vehicle_data_mapping_url`

> * HMI needs to parse the `url` / version for `custom_vehicle_data_mapping_url` from returned json 

Reviewer: I doubt this will render properly

Author: Fixed

## GetPolicyConfigurationData

Type
: Function

Sender
: HMI

Purpose

> : To get policy type and property

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: To get a specific field from the policy table
```

### Request

!!! MUST
 
1. Send GetPolicyConfigurationData request to SDL with: 

> * `policyType` : Policy Struct for which property needs to be read. Must be a [valid policyType struct](https://github.com/smartdevicelink/sdl_core/blob/master/src/components/policy/policy_regular/include/policy/policy_table/types.h#L288)

Reviewer: Indent items with 4 spaces

Author: Fixed 5c09b11

> * `property`: Used to request a specific property of `policyType`. If omitted, the entire `policyType` json value is returned

Reviewer: As it is currently defined, this can't be omitted

Author: @jacobkeeler  fixed 5c09b11

Reviewer 2: @jacobkeeler, @LuxoftAKutsan please see removed in https://github.com/smartdevicelink/sdl_hmi_integration_guidelines/pull/168/commits/741b2a9f12dbb376c97b62b1ae93b52ff3d0cb42

!!!

#### Parameters

|Name|Type|Mandatory|Additional|
|:---|:---|:--------|:---------|

> |policyType|String|true|minlength: 1 maxlength: 1000|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|policyType|String|true|minlength: 1<br>maxlength: 1000|
```

> |property|String|true|minlength: 1 maxlength: 1000|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|property|String|true|minlength: 1<br>maxlength: 1000|
```

### Response

#### Parameters

|Name|Type|Mandatory|Additional|
|:---|:---|:--------|:---------|

> |value|String|true|array: true <br> maxlength: 1000 minsize: 1 maxsize: 100|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|value|String|true|array: true<br>maxlength: 1000<br>minsize: 1<br>maxsize: 100|
```

 

### Sequence Diagrams

Below is the example usage for GetPolicyConfigurationData request to read `version` and endpoint `url` for `custom_vehicle_data_mapping_url`

* HMI needs to parse the `url` version for `custom_vehicle_data_mapping_url` from returned json 

|||

> ![GetPolicyConfigurationData](./assets/GetPolicyConfigurationData.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
GetPolicyConfigurationData
![GetPolicyConfigurationData](./assets/GetPolicyConfigurationData.png)
```

|||

### Example Request

```json
{
	"id" : 176,
	"jsonrpc" : "2.0",
	"method" : "SDL.GetPolicyConfigurationData",
	"params" :
	{
		"policyType": "module_config",
		"property" : "endpoints_properties"
	}
}
```
### Example Response

```json
{
	"id" : 176,
	"jsonrpc" : "2.0",
	"result" :
	{
		"value" : [
			"{\"custom_vehicle_data_mapping_url\":{\"version\":\"0.0.0\"}}"
		],

> 	    	"code" : 0,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		"code" : 0,
```
